Project General Description:

For our first project, we're going to be implementing the game Mancala.  Mancala has been discovered in the excavated ruins of a Roman bathhouse built in the 2nd or 3rd century AD.  

In the 21st century, however, we have Python so we'll write a little version of the game ourselves.  

The game is played with 'stones' which can be glass bubbles or stones, and there are generally two rows of 6 circular "cups" or pits, and then there's a double length pit on both sides, which we will also call a "mancala."  


Rules of the Game:
 
The board is formed by the two long pits or cups, and 12 cups divided into two rows, like in the picture.  

To set up the game, place four stones in each of the 12 regular cups.

Players alternate by taking turns.

A turn consists of selecting a non-empty non-mancala cup and taking all of the stones from it, and then starting in the next cup, place a stone, and then advance to the next cup and place another stone, repeating this until all of the stones have been moved.
  The direction of play will be clockwise.
  Mancalas count as a put so you must place a stone in there as you pass that space.  
  If the last stone is placed into a mancala, then that player gets another turn.  
  A player cannot select a mancala to move stones out.  

The game ends when one of the rows of regular cups is empty, so when either the "top" row or the "bottom" row is empty, the game is over.  
The winner when the game ends is the player with the most stones in their mancala.  
The board is numbered in the following order.  Cups 0 and 7 are mancalas whereas the rest are "regular."  
Player 1's mancala is at position 7, and player 2's mancala is at position 0.  


Implementation Details

This is a specification for how the project should be implemented.  

Get the names of players.  
Begin the cycle of turns by alternating back and forth from player 1 to player 2 and back until the game is over.  
When a player takes a turn, move the stones for them, starting in the next cup and placing a stone in each cup until the stones run out.  
If a user enters an invalid cup number, make them try again.  
If a turn ends in a mancala (the last stone is placed there), then that player gets a second turn.  
When one of the two rows (positions 1 to 6 or positions 8 to 13) are empty, then the game ends.  
Tell the players who has won based on the number of stones in each of the mancalas.  
After each move, reprint the board and ask for the next user input.  

notes:

draw_board() functionw as provided by professor with minimal documentation

